# robots.txt for https://www.specialized.com 	

User-agent: *
Disallow: /sbcu/

# Active locales as of 2017-01-11
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ae/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/am/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/an/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ar/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/at/de/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/au/en-au/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ba/bs/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/be/fr/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/be/nl/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/bg/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/bo/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/br/pt-br/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/by/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ca/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ca/fc/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ch/de/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ch/fr/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/cl/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/cn/zh/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/co/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/cr/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/cy/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/cz/cs/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/de/de/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/dk/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/do/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ec/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ee/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/eg/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/es/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/es/es/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/fi/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/fr/fr/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/gb/gb/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/gr/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/gt/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/hk/en-ap/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/hn/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/hr/hr/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/hu/hu/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ie/gb/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/il/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/is/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/it/it/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ja/ja/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/kr/ko/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/kz/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/lb/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/li/de/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/lt/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/lu/de/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/lu/fr/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/lv/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/mk/mk/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/mt/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/mu/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/mx/es-mx/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ng/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ni/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/nl/nl/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/no/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/nz/en-au/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/pa/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/pe/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/pl/pl/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/pr/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/pr/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/pt/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/pt/pt/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/py/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ro/ro/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ru/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ru/ru/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/se/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/si/sl/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/sk/cs/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/sv/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/tr/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/tw/zt/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ua/ru/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/us/en/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/uy/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/ve/ea/sitemap.xml
sitemap: https://www.specialized.com/za/en/sitemap.xml