User-agent: *
allow: /woordenboek.html	   
allow: /woordenboekaans.html	   
allow: /woordenboekach.html	   
allow: /woordenboekafd.html	   
allow: /woordenboekagr.html	   
allow: /woordenboekamb.html	   
allow: /woordenboekapp.html	   
allow: /woordenboekath.html	   
allow: /woordenboekbee.html	   
allow: /woordenboekbes.html	   
allow: /woordenboekbeu.html	   
allow: /woordenboekbic.html	   
allow: /woordenboekboe.html	   
allow: /woordenboekbru.html	   
allow: /woordenboekcas.html	   
allow: /woordenboekcla.html	   
allow: /woordenboekconc.html	   
allow: /woordenboekcont.html	   
allow: /woordenboekcov.html	   
allow: /woordenboekdec.html	   
allow: /woordenboekdes.html	   
allow: /woordenboekdis.html	   
allow: /woordenboekdru.html	   
allow: /woordenboekeen.html	   
allow: /woordenboekemb.html	   
allow: /woordenboekeur.html	   
allow: /woordenboekexh.html	   
allow: /woordenboekfei.html	   
allow: /woordenboekfor.html	   
allow: /woordenboekgeb.html	   
allow: /woordenboekgel.html	   
allow: /woordenboekgeo.html	   
allow: /woordenboekgev.html	   
allow: /woordenboekgre.html	   
allow: /woordenboekhar.html	   
allow: /woordenboekhom.html	   
allow: /woordenboekhuw.html	   
allow: /woordenboekinh.html	   
allow: /woordenboekins.html	   
allow: /woordenboekinte.html	   
allow: /woordenboekips.html	   
allow: /woordenboekkab.html	   
allow: /woordenboekkeu.html	   
allow: /woordenboekkop.html	   
allow: /woordenboeklae.html	   
allow: /woordenboeklev.html	   
allow: /woordenboeklog.html	   
allow: /woordenboekmar.html	   
allow: /woordenboekmei.html	   
allow: /woordenboekmin.html	   
allow: /woordenboekmor.html	   
allow: /woordenboeknav.html	   
allow: /woordenboeknon.html	   
allow: /woordenboekobl.html	   
allow: /woordenboekond.html	   
allow: /woordenboekonm.html	   
allow: /woordenboekonv.html	   
allow: /woordenboekoph.html	   
allow: /woordenboekoud.html	   
allow: /woordenboekpan.html	   
allow: /woordenboekpen.html	   
allow: /woordenboekpla.html	   
allow: /woordenboekpot.html	   
allow: /woordenboekpri.html	   
allow: /woordenboekprog.html	   
allow: /woordenboekqui.html	   
allow: /woordenboekrec.html	   
allow: /woordenboekrechtsh.html	   
allow: /woordenboekreg.html	   
allow: /woordenboekrep.html	   
allow: /woordenboekris.html	   
allow: /woordenboekschei.html	   
allow: /woordenboeksit.html	   
allow: /woordenboeksta.html	   
allow: /woordenboeksto.html	   
allow: /woordenboeksup.html	   
allow: /woordenboektho.html	   
allow: /woordenboekueb.html	   
allow: /woordenboekval.html	   
allow: /woordenboekverg.html	   
allow: /woordenboekverp.html	   
allow: /woordenboekverz.html	   
allow: /woordenboekvoo.html	   
allow: /woordenboekvre.html	   
allow: /woordenboekwee.html	   
allow: /woordenboekwetop.html	   
allow: /woordenboekwett.html	   
allow: /woordenboekwon.html	 
